Add graph safe support (#3953)
ROCm/ROCm: docs/reference/graph-safe-support.rst

.. meta::
    :description: This page lists supported graph safe ROCm libraries.
    :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, hipGRAPH

********************************************************************************
Graph safe library support
********************************************************************************

> A HIP graph-safe library is a library designed to operate safely within HIP
> execution graphs. :ref:`hip:how_to_HIP_graph` are an alternative way of executing
> tasks on a  GPU that can provide performance benefits over launching kernels
> using the standard method via streams. 
> 
> In a graph-safe library, functions and routines are designed to work without
> causing issues like race conditions, deadlocks, or unintended dependencies. The
> ROCm graph-safe libraries list is collected in the following table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A library designed to operate safely within HIP execution graphs is known as a HIP graph-safe library. :ref:`hip:how_to_HIP_graph` are an alternative way of executing
tasks on a  GPU that can provide performance benefits over launching kernels
using the standard method via streams. 

In a graph-safe library, functions and routines are designed to work without
causing issues like race conditions, deadlocks, or unintended dependencies. To know if a ROCm library is graph-safe, see the following table:
```

.. list-table:: Graph safe library support
    :header-rows: 1

    *
      - Library
      - Repository
      - Graph safe support
    * 

>       - rocBLAS (:doc:`details <rocblas:reference/beta-features>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - rocBLAS
```

      - ✅
    * 
      - rocFFT
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocFFT>`_
      - ✅
    * 
      - hipFFT
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipFFT>`_
      - ✅
    * 
      - rocRAND
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocRAND>`_
      - ✅
    * 
      - rocPRIM
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocPRIM>`_
      - ✅
    * 
      - rocSPARSE
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocSPARSE>`_
      - ⚠️ (experimental)
    * 
      - hipSPARSE
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipSPARSE>`_
      - ✅
    * 
      - rocHPCG
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocHPCG>`_
      - ❌
    * 
      - rocALUTION
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocALUTION>`_
      - ❌
    * 
      - MIVisionX
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/MIVisionX>`_
      - N/A
    * 
      - RPP
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rpp>`_
      - ⚠️
    * 
      - rocAL
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocAL>`_
      - ❌
    * 
      - rocDecode
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocDecode>`_
      - ❌
    * 

>       - rocThrust (:doc:`details <rocthrust:hipgraph-support>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - rocThrust
```

      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocThrust>`_

>       - ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - ❌. See :doc:`details <rocthrust:hipgraph-support>`
```

      - N/A
    * 
      - hipCUB
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipCUB>`_
      - ✅
    * 
      - rocSOLVER
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocSOLVER>`_
      - ⚠️ (experimental)
    * 
      - hipSOLVER
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipSOLVER>`_
      - ⚠️ (experimental)
    * 
      - RCCL
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rccl>`_
      - ✅
    * 
      - rocWMMA
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocWMMA>`_
      - N/A (GPU header library)
    * 
      - hipTensor
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipTensor>`_
      - ❌
    * 
      - composable kernel
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel>`_
      - ❌
    * 
      - hipBLASLt
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipBLASLt>`_
      - ⚠️
    * 
      - hipFORT
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipFORT>`_
      - N/A
    * 
      - hipSPARSELt
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/hipSPARSELt>`_
      - ⚠️ (experimental)
    * 
      - rocJPEG
      - `Repository link <https://github.com/ROCm/rocJPEG>`_

>       - ❌

Reviewer: For all the components, instead of having a separate column titled "repository" and then having similar entries "repository link", have the repo hyperlink added to the component name in the first column itself. Remove the second column.

Reviewer 2: Removed the second column.
